{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32\fsmilli16080 \cf2 Hi, I\'92m Mingyi. I earned my Master\'92s in Professional Computer Science\
from Simon Fraser University in early 2024. I\'92m passionate about\
continuous learning and applying my knowledge to solve real-world\
problems in creative and effective ways.\
Since graduating, I\'92ve been working as a Data Engineer on\
the Meteorological Data Systems, where I focus on big data processing,\
software development, and database management to help\
organizations handle and make sense of large volumes of information. I\
enjoy the challenge of designing and implementing efficient data\
pipelines and systems that ensure data is accessible, reliable, and\
optimized for analysis. Outside of data work, I\'92ve also taken on various\
projects where I developed React applications and Spring Boot services,\
wrote clean and efficient code, and turned complex data into\
actionable insights. The variety of projects and the constant challenges\
keep me motivated and excited about my work each day.\
Besides the technical stuff, I really enjoy connecting with people.\
Recently, I spent two months working with AIA, one of Asia\'92s top\
assurance companies, in their sales team. It was a great experience\
where I built up my communication skills and learned how to\
understand clients better, build trust, and find solutions that work. I\'92m\
someone who thrives in a team, enjoys building relationships, and\
collaborating across different areas to get things done.}